Update norm pdf (#460)
42School/norminette: pdf/en.norm.tex

            \item You must indent all structures' names on the same column for their scope.

>             \item You cannot declare a struct, union or enum with a typedef in a .c file.

Reviewer: What do you think about it being like this?
```suggestion
            \item You cannot declare types like structs, unions, enums or typedefs in a .c file.
```
